# Currying Practice

Remember, [currying](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Currying) is when we take a function that accepts multiple arguments:

```py
final_volume = box_volume(3, 4, 5)
print(final_volume)
# 60
```

And convert it into a series of functions that each accept a single argument:

```py
final_volume = box_volume(3)(4)(5)
print(final_volume)
# 60
```

- `box_volume(3)` returns a new function that accepts a single integer and returns a new function
- `box_volume(3)(4)` returns another new function that accepts a single integer and returns a new function
- `box_volume(3)(4)(5)` returns the final result

Here's another way of calling it, where each function is stored in a variable before being called:

```py
with_length_3 = box_volume(3)
with_len_3_width_4 = with_length_3(4)
final_volume = with_len_3_width_4(5)
print(final_volume)
# 60
```

Here are the function definitions:

```py
def box_volume(length):
  def box_volume_with_len(width):
    def box_volume_with_len_width(height):
      return length * width * height
    return box_volume_with_len_width
  return box_volume_with_len
```

## Assignment

Doc2Doc needs to be able to find the number of lines in a document that contain a specific sequence of characters. For example, given the following document:

```
aaaa
bbbb
ccdd
aabb
```

How many lines contain the sequence "aa"? The answer is 2: "aaaa" and "aabb".

**Complete the `lines_with_sequence` function.** It should return a series of curried functions so it can be called like this:

```py
num_lines = lines_with_sequence(char)(length)(doc)
```

The "sequence" is generated by the first `with_char` that has been provided for you. It works like this:

| Character | Length | Sequence   |
| --------- | ------ | ---------- |
| "a"       | 3      | "aaa"      |
| "b"       | 2      | "bb"       |
| "\*"      | 4      | "\*\*\*\*" |

**You need to define and return a second curried function.** I called mine `with_length`. It should accept the final parameter, a `doc` string, and return the number of lines that contain the sequence.

1. [ ] Define the `with_length` function inside the `with_char` function, it should accept a `doc`.
2. [ ] [Split](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#str.split) the `doc` into lines.
3. [ ] Use a loop (or if you're feeling fancy, import and use [reduce](https://docs.python.org/3/library/functools.html#functools.reduce)) to count the number of lines that contain the sequence [in](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/expressions.html#membership-test-details) them.
4. [ ] Return the count from the `with_length` function.
5. [ ] Return the `with_length` function from the `with_char` function.
